# Timestamps

## July 18

### 11 : 30PM
Woke up around 8:30AM , couldnt sleep last night till 1 or 1 : 30AM.

Trying to change routine from now on.
Brain becomes hyper-active during night time.
Will start studying again today , I hope everything goes well.

There are no significant improvements in meditation.
I feel like I have lost the touch which I used to have before. That most probably will change when I wake up early and start meditating again.

Mom and Dad had no arguments today , which is good I believe. Didnt get breakfast today. Mum is fasting today.

### 1:21PM
Started with html and css course.
Learnt about flexbox and grid display.
Gtg watch vikings :D

### 5:52PM 
Watched like 1.25 eps of vikings.
Slept and woke up around 5:30 had a poo poo break and started with pyqt.

QGridLayout is next.

### 6:46 PM
Took a short break at 6:30 , stretched the body for 15 mins.
Dad got his mango ice cream and seems to be in a good mood.

QGridLayout is done. 
Starting with chapter 5 in pyqt.

### 8:13PM
Food break + meme break is over.
Also deleted my reddit account.


## July 19
Had good sleep but slept late night.
There was a power shortage last night and it came back around 1:30AM.
Woke up at 8:40AM which is some progress imo.

Started with pyqt around 30 mins back making a notepad GUI.
Cant see how am gonna make a eww clone but am gonna keep doing it.

Will do html and css shortly.

### 3:46PM
Did pyqt , now its time for html and css also took a power nap.

### 12:12PM
I have completed nearly 20% of the pyqt book1.
Did watch the whole video of html and css which mainly explained the diplay properties , it was kinda helpful.

Will do the fcc doc page tomorrow cuz I fucked up today and it totally vanished , didnt even a save a copy in the clipboard 😭.

